This is a Discord Bot I wrote a while back. On my own system, it's fully functional and does what it needs to do. This was based on a bot tutorial from Digital Trends which you can read here: https://www.digitaltrends.com/gaming/how-to-make-a-discord-bot/

You can see how I took out the original code in the switch/case statement and replaced it with some of my own code. The bot reads input from the chat and uses a regular expression to check the formatting. If the command is in a valid format, then it will proceed to run whatever test you specify it to in order to make certain skill checks.

A good friend of mine suggested adding a system where you can reroll dice. Shadowrun includes a mechanic called Edge where you can "burn" it to change the result of any rolls. I still need to set time aside to figure out how to implement this. One bottleneck I ran into was Discord's own response times for messages, but I'm also thinking of trying a different approach, so I'm open to suggestions.

You can modify the code as you wish, but bear in mind you will need to generate your own tokens using the Discord API. That can be found in the article posted in the first paragraph. Feedback is welcome!

Update 1: This bot no longer works. It seems as though during the time since working on this project, Discord changed their API, so now discord.io is defunct. The code will also need to be updated to reflect this. Also, it has come to my attention that the regular expression is an old version (it is looking for all the plus symbols and parentheses, the new version was designed to be less strict when detecting this pattern in text), meaning this may not be the completed code. I will update this once I locate the updated version. Please stay tuned for any changes.

Update 2: My suspicions were correct. I had uploaded an old version of the code. This is the right version. For those who are interested in examining this code, pay attention to the stuff in the switch/case statement because the discord.io code is deprecated. Only some of it works but using this with the new intents breaks the code. Even with the old settings the bot would not respond to commands. This will be fixed in a future update.
